review of intro blog (#64)
cisco-open/nasp: site/landing/src/pages/blog/nasp-intro.md

### A short history

The team behind Nasp comes from a background of building and operating service mesh products. While we always appreciated the potential of service meshes, we envisioned a more optimal implementation, one not reliant on proxies. This led us to initially experiment with a library-based approach. The solution leveraged WebAssembly to overcome programming language barriers. However, this approach required application developers to integrate an additional library, which wasn't ideal.

Realizing this, we pivoted towards moving the entire logic to Kernel space. This shift coincided with a revelation: in our discussions, we found a common thread – most people sought a service mesh in Kubernetes primarily for mTLS, not for its broader capabilities. We decided against creating another service mesh, choosing instead to focus squarely on security, without conflating it with networking concepts. Our goal was clear: develop a tool dedicated to solving the zero trust issue between workloads.

> This new direction birthed the latest version of Nasp, which, while incorporating elements from its predecessors, stands as a fundamentally different tool. We retained WebAssembly components, allowing for the execution of OPA (Open Policy Agent) policies within the Linux kernel and enabling packet modification through Wasm filters. But make no mistake, Nasp is not a service mesh. It eschews dependencies like the Istio control plane and sidesteps concerns like traffic management. Instead, Nasp zeroes in on automating workload identities and secure communication, embedding these capabilities at the heart of the system – within the Linux kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new direction birthed the latest version of Nasp, which, while incorporating elements from its predecessors, stands as a fundamentally different tool. We retained WebAssembly components, allowing for the execution of OPA (Open Policy Agent) policies within the Linux kernel or running cryptographic functions through Wasm filters. But make no mistake, Nasp is not a service mesh. It eschews dependencies like the Istio control plane and sidesteps concerns like traffic management. Instead, Nasp zeroes in on automating workload identities and secure communication, embedding these capabilities at the heart of the system – within the Linux kernel.
```
